Usage: pso [OPTION]... INPUT_FILE
This program performs searches for minima as specified in the INPUT_FILE.

  -t                           This writes the list of best structures to a
                               temporary file in a readable format. Specify a
                               resume or optimization file followed by the name
                               of the temporary file.
  -c                           This creates Gaussian .com files from the list of
                               best structures. Specify a resume or optimization
                               file, followed by a directory where .com files
                               will be written, followed by a prefix for the
                               .com files.
  -p                           This creates Gaussian .com files from the current
                               population of structures. Specify a resume or
                               optimization file, followed by a directory where
                               .com files will be written, followed by a prefix
                               for the .com files.
  -o                           This creates an optimization file from a resume
                               file.  It is used to optimize structures in the
                               list of best structures to their nearest minima.
                               Specify a resume file, followed by the
                               optimization file to be created, followed by the
                               number of structures to transfer, followed by
                               the number of structures to optimize at a time.
  -a                           This moves additional structures from the
                               list of best structures in a resume file to
                               an existing optimization file. Specify an
                               optimization file, followed by the number of
                               additional structures to transfer from the
                               resume file.
  -or                          This creates an optimization file from an input
                               file.  It creates a population containing random
                               structures of the same number and type as
                               indicated in the input file. Specify an input
                               file, followed by an optimization file to be
                               created, followed by the number of structures
                               to optimize at a time.
  -s                           This specifies that the starting population will
                               be seeded with structures from previous runs.
                               Specify an input file, followed by the number of
                               iterations to perform freezing, followed by one
                               or more resume or optimization files.
  -b                           This option displays bonding information for an
                               input file.  Specify the name of an input file.
  -m                           This option performs a monomer search by
                               generating all possible combinations of bond
                               rotations that can be performed.  Specify an
                               input file, followed by the number of degrees to
                               rotate bond angles, followed by an optimization
                               file to be created, followed by the number of
                               structures to optimize at a time.
  -test                        Using this option during a simulated annealing,
                               particle swarm, or genetic algorithm run causes
                               a file called test.log to be created inside the
                               testfiles directory.  This log file contains
                               geometries of one member of the population
                               during the entire course of the run, and is
                               meant to be viewed in Molden.  Since Molden can
                               only read 2000 geometries from a log file, this
                               program will produce additional log files if more
                               than 2000 geometries are generated during a run.
                               Make sure when using this option that enough hard
                               drive space is available.  Specify an input file.
