Usage: pso [OPTION]... INPUT_FILE
This program performs searches for minima as specified in the INPUT_FILE.

  -i                           This option is used with simulated annealing.
                               Normally when a population of solutions is used,
                               the iteration number for each member of the
                               population stays the same, and all energy
                               calculations for a particular iteration must be
                               completed before going on to the next iteration.
                               This option specifies that each member of the
                               population acts as an independent run, meaning that 
                               different iteration numbers are allowed for
                               different members of the population.  This
                               increases the search speed, since separate runs do
                               not wait for one another.  Using this option causes
                               each member of the population to have it's own
                               resume and output file and list of best
                               structures. Type './helper -h' and compare with
                               the -u option.
  -m                           This option specifies that one of the mpi
                               processes acts as master, not performing any
                               energy calculations, but assigning these to
                               other mpi processes.  When this option is off,
                               mpi processes will not communicate, but will
                               evenly divide up the energy calculations.
  -s                           This specifies that the starting population will
                               be seeded with structures from previous runs.
                               Specify one or more resume/optimiation files,
                               followed by the number of iterations to perform
                               freezing.
  -test                        Using this option during a simulated annealing,
                               particle swarm, or genetic algorithm run causes
                               a file called test.log to be created inside the
                               unitTests/testfiles directory.  This log file contains
                               geometries of one member of the population
                               during the entire course of the run, and is
                               meant to be viewed in Molden.  Since Molden can
                               only read 2000 geometries from a log file, this
                               program will produce additional log files if more
                               than 2000 geometries are generated during a run.
                               Make sure when using this option that enough hard
                               drive space is available. This option requires
                               no arguments.
  -walltime                    This option specifies a maximum amount of time
                               for the program to run.  Before the wall time
                               is reached, the program will self terminate,
                               cleaning up any files in the scratch directory.
                               Specify hours, minutes, and seconds in the format
                               HH:MM:SS. 
