Usage: helper [OPTION]
This program provides utilities that support the pso application.

  -a                           This moves additional structures from the
                               list of best structures in a resume file to
                               an existing optimization file. Specify an
                               optimization file, followed by the number of
                               additional structures to transfer from the
                               resume file.
  -b                           This option displays bonding information for an
                               input file.  Specify the name of an input file.
  -c                           This creates Gaussian .com files from the list of
                               best structures. Specify a resume or optimization
                               file, followed by a directory where .com files
                               will be written, followed by a prefix for the
                               .com files.
  -m                           This option performs a monomer search by
                               generating all possible combinations of bond
                               rotations that can be performed.  Specify an
                               input file, followed by the number of degrees to
                               rotate bond angles, followed by an optimization
                               file to be created, followed by the number of
                               structures to optimize at a time.
  -o                           This creates an optimization file from a resume
                               file.  It is used to optimize structures in the
                               list of best structures to their nearest minima.
                               Specify a resume file, followed by the
                               optimization file to be created, followed by the
                               number of structures to transfer, followed by
                               the number of structures to optimize at a time.
  -or                          This creates an optimization file from an input
                               file.  It creates a population containing random
                               structures of the same number and type as
                               indicated in the input file. Specify an input
                               file, followed by an optimization file to be
                               created, followed by the number of structures
                               to optimize at a time.
  -p                           This creates Gaussian .com files from the current
                               population of structures. Specify a resume or
                               optimization file, followed by a directory where
                               .com files will be written, followed by a prefix
                               for the .com files.
  -t                           This writes the list of best structures to a
                               temporary file with coordinates in a readable
                               format. Specify a resume or optimization file
                               followed by the name of the temporary file.
  -u                           This updates a simulated annealing output file
                               and list of best structures when using the -i
                               option with the pso executable (type './pso -h' and
                               read the -i option description for more
                               information).  Specify an input file.
